This mod adds ships and weapons from the strategy game "Stellaris", and it's quite op.
Mod progress:
After defeating the Eye of Cthulhu, a space communicator will definitely drop. After using it, you can contact the Modifiers Association and spend coins to commission them to customize ships.
Ships are independent units with similar behaviors to summons, but they will attract enemy hatred when attacking, and also have attributes such as life.
Ships have sections and parts. Different sections can carry different parts. Parts can improve the properties of ships and provide new weapons and features.
Note that ships are bound to the world, which means that the same player will not be able to take ships away when switching worlds.
The upper limit of ships is limited, and the upper limit will increase with the progress of the game.
When a certain progress is reached, new ship types and parts will be unlocked.
As for the rest, it is recommended to explore it yourself.

Sprite and sound assets are from Stellaris.
Multiplayer games are not supported.

Changelog:
v0.2 - Added the Ancient Weapons, which can be obtained by defeating a strong enough boss after defeating the Moon Lord.
v0.3 - Added EN localization.
v0.4 - Added Titan-class Ship.
v0.5 - Minor Improvement.
v0.5.1 - Fixed Localization Errors.
v0.5.2 - Movement and Jump Mechanic Improvements.
v0.6.1 - Added Shroud and related Tech, which can be obtained by defeating the Moon Lord (33%).
v0.6.2 - Added more Shroud-related components, and move some to the Shroud to acquire.
v0.6.3 - Bug fixed.
v0.7 - Added Leader, you can assign Town NPCs to command the ships. 

该模组加入了来自战略游戏《群星》的舰船与武器，整体强度较高。
模组流程：
击败克苏鲁之眼后必定会掉落太空联络器，使用后可以与改造家联合会联系，花费钱币委托其定制舰船。
舰船为独立单位，拥有和召唤物类似的行为，但是在攻击时会吸引敌人仇恨，也有生命等属性。
舰船拥有区段和部件，不同的区段可以承载不同的部件，部件可以提高舰船的属性，也可以提供新的武器和特性。
注意，舰船只与世界绑定，也就是说同一玩家切换世界将无法带走舰船。
舰船持有上限有限，会随游戏进度提升上限。
当达到一定进度后，会解锁新的舰船类型与部件。
至于剩下的建议自己摸索。

贴图和音效资源来自《群星》。
不支持多人游戏。

更新日志:
v0.2 -加入了远古系列武器，在击败月球领主后击败足够强的Boss概率获得。
v0.3 -更新英文本地化。
v0.4 -更新泰坦级舰船。
v0.5 -微量优化。
v0.5.1 -修复本地化错误。
v0.5.2 -移动和跃迁机制优化。
v0.6.1 -加入了虚境和与之相关的科技，可通过击败月球领主获得(33%概率)。
v0.6.2 -加入更多虚境相关配件，并将部分配件移动至虚境获取。
v0.6.3 -Bug修复。
v0.7 -加入了领袖，你可以委任城镇NPC指挥舰船。